Ctrl-a Move cursor to the beginning of the line.
Ctrl-e Move cursor to the end of the line.
Ctrl-f Move cursor forward one character; same as the right arrow key.
Ctrl-b Move cursor backward one character; same as the left arrow key.
Alt-f Move cursor forward one word.
Alt-b Move cursor backward one word.
Ctrl-l Clear the screen and move the cursor to the top-left corner. The
clear command does the same thing
Ctrl-d Delete the character at the cursor location.
Ctrl-t Transpose (exchange) the character at the cursor location with the
one preceding it.
Alt-t Transpose the word at the cursor location with the one preceding it.
Alt-l Convert the characters from the cursor location to the end of the
word to lowercase.
Alt-u Convert the characters from the cursor location to the end of the
word to uppercase.
Ctrl-k Kill text from the cursor location to the end of line.
Ctrl-u Kill text from the cursor location to the beginning of the line.
Alt-d Kill text from the cursor location to the end of the current word.
Alt-
Backspace
Kill text from the cursor location to the beginning of the current
word. If the cursor is at the beginning of a word, kill the previous
word.
Ctrl-y Yank text from the kill-ring and insert it at the cursor location
Ctrl-p Move to the previous history entry. This is the same action as the up
arrow.
Ctrl-n Move to the next history entry. This is the same action as the down
arrow.
Alt-< Move to the beginning (top) of the history list.
Alt-> Move to the end (bottom) of the history list, i.e., the current
command line.
Ctrl-r Reverse incremental search. This searches incrementally from the
current command line up the history list.
Alt-p Reverse search, nonincremental. With this key, type in the search
string and press enter before the search is performed.
Alt-n Forward search, nonincremental.
Ctrl-o Execute the current item in the history list and advance to the next
!! Repeat the last command. It is probably easier to press up arrow and
enter.
!number Repeat history list item number.
!string Repeat last history list item starting with string.
!?string Repeat last history list item containing string.
